Today, we’re discussing
what God’s purpose is for humans.
What’s your opinion?
Hmm. I think we’re here to help
each other cope with life’s problems.
You know, that’s a thoughtful viewpoint,
and it’s understandable
because life today is filled with tests.
But the Bible shows
that the kind of life we live today
is not what God intended.
Really?
Yes.
In fact, notice what the Bible says here
at Genesis 1:28.
Morgan, would you please
read the first part of the verse?
Sure.
It says: “God blessed them,
“and God said to them:
“‘Be fruitful and become many,
fill the earth and subdue it.’”
Thank you.
So according to this verse,
what did God want Adam and Eve to do?
Hmm. “Be fruitful” and “fill the earth.”
That’s right.
In other words, God’s purpose
was for Adam and his descendants
to expand the garden of Eden
until the whole earth was a paradise.
Of course, things didn’t work out that way.
But does that mean God’s purpose failed?
Or will it one day be fulfilled?
Maybe we can talk
about that on our next visit.
OK, sounds good.